Speaker B:   It sent me a request. I don't know. Maybe I had to approve it. Okay.
Speaker A:   So so you've been in for for 10 years. Did you do anything, prior? Or is that was this your 1st role?
Speaker B:   Nope. So prior to that, I was on the investment side. So right out of college, I was at Bank of America doing global wealth, investment management research.
Speaker B:   And then the crash of 2,008 happened. And then Bank of America
Speaker B:   bought Merrill Lynch, and so on
Speaker B:   went to Maryland. She did that for a few years, and and then they cut
Speaker B:   the. They cut the team in Boston. And so
Speaker B:   you know, you're given the option of. We had one of 2 choices that you were given. So
Speaker B:   A lot of people just took the severance package. And so then I got into Commercial lending after that point, and I was at Rbs citizens, and then I was at a little bank in Cambridge, Massachusetts, Cambridge Savings Bank, and then I was at 1st Republic Bank when we were in San Francisco.
Speaker A:   Sure. Okay.
Speaker B:   And 1st Republic failed. There was a run on the bank last spring, and that that was my favorite job. So far, so I loved the company I loved, what I was doing, the clients it was. It was the best.
Speaker A:   What did you love most about it?
Speaker B:   I just had a lot of. I had a lot of autonomy. I had a lot of client exposure like I, you know
Speaker B:   my I had. You know my boss was the relationship manager, but I was their 1st point of contact. So ultimately, like I was. You know, I was almost the relationship manager. But I mean, I helped them out with anything that they needed. And I just I had a lot of really great clients that I interacted with on a daily basis, you know.
Speaker B:   and we did a lot of cool loans over over the time that I was there, and I always thought it would be
Speaker B:   the last bank that I worked for, either because I retired from there, or I just left banking altogether. But you know, then the run happened, and it wasn't really. It wasn't really my choice, you know, and I did get an offer from Jp. Morgan. I stayed for about 2 months and then left just
Speaker B:   you know, they they handed out different levels of contract offers. So I got a 12 month contract offer, and then they were supposed to evaluate you, you know, after after that time,
Speaker B:   And but I you know it's 300,000 people, and it's it's a lot, you know, I worked at Bank of America, which was almost as large, and before they did a bunch of cuts, and
Speaker B:   you know I just
Speaker B:   I don't know I didn't love it. I didn't love it so. So I was like, I don't, you know, at this point in my career, like I don't. I don't want to be in that sort of environment where I feel like my contributions aren't making any sort of difference, you know, and.
Speaker A:   Yeah.
Speaker A:   So how does that compare to what you're doing now?
Speaker B:   I mean, I'm doing. Oh, you know a lot of technically, I'm doing my old job, you know, from the sense of like the underwriting.
Speaker A:   That's good.
Speaker B:   Point. But I don't. I mean I don't have.
Speaker B:   I don't have the client interaction that I use that I had in San Francisco, you know.
Speaker B:   you know, I can email them and stuff. But we're just I don't know. They're not.
Speaker B:   What's weird is like. They're all I feel like. And I don't want to. I don't want to generalize, but like I feel like
Speaker B:   they're not as into their bank, as like Frb. Clients were like Frb. Clients loved their bank and their bankers, you know, and
Speaker B:   But I'm sure there were some people who were disgruntled. But you know in general, like people people banked at 1st Republic because you want, you know you wanted to, and it was very high Touch service, and you were always taken care of. You. You know you had. You had direct points of contact, and I think
Speaker B:   you know, I think other
Speaker B:   people just aren't used to that, you know. And so I miss. I miss. I mean I miss that, you know, and I don't. I don't feel like I have
Speaker B:   as much autonomy as I did in the sense that
Speaker B:   I have to get different levels of approval for different things. And it's like, you know, I want to change like, just just put as an example like.
Speaker B:   because I still can't believe this is a thing. Now, if I want to change like
Speaker B:   a covenant reporting item in our system.
Speaker B:   I have to. I send it to a group to do, which is fine, but I have to have
Speaker B:   my manager's approval to do it. It's like the craziest thing you know, it's like the loan document says this like it is in this legal document, like, what are we getting approval for, you know.
Speaker B:   and just sort of like stuff like that, or you know, I mean I
Speaker B:   I I did a lot of stuff at Frb, you know, like I I managed the entire like loan
Speaker B:   process, you know. I'm like I, but I and I would bring people in, you know, as needed. But I oversaw that whole thing. Now. It's like I do some underwriting, and then it just goes, and I never see the loan again. You know.
Speaker A:   Yeah.
Speaker B:   Like I don't handle. I used to review the loan documents to make sure they went out like I would go meet with the clients and have you know, we'd have like signings, you know, if if they wanted it in person signing. You know there were other options where they could just. I didn't need to be there, you know.
Speaker B:   but I would arrange, for you know the courier, the notary, and, like that stuff, you know, bring them some wine and cookies. But we don't, we don't. I'm not doing that kind of stuff anymore. So it's sort of like I'm there. But like I'm just another face of the bank like, you know I'm not. I'm not the face of the relationship.
Speaker A:   So it sounds like, you know.
Speaker A:   and more a stronger ability to spread your wings and and have more
Speaker A:   freedom to do the things you knew that would add value.
Speaker B:   Yeah, yeah.
Speaker A:   and and that's not as much here because of the those probably the size of the bank. Also that I mean it.
Speaker A:   I? There's. There's also large companies that still have that kind of, you know, freedom for their employees. Right? So.
Speaker B:   Right.
Speaker A:   What? So what do? What do you think I mean? Is this a place you want to stay? Is this a place that you, wanna you know
Speaker A:   what's what's the end goal.
Speaker B:   Yeah, not not really right. Like, so one thing that I'm that I'm having issues with is
Speaker B:   I managed a large portfolio at at Frb. And I was one of 6 people who managed this very large portfolio. And
Speaker B:   we, you know, my, my thought was okay. Maybe you know, I would
Speaker B:   take over a portion of the portfolio, if not the whole portfolio like eventually, you know.
Speaker B:   And so I was sort of trying to like work towards that, you know, like I was.
Speaker B:   you know, we were in conversations about becoming a team lead, which was this new position that the bank had created at the time, you know, they had only had a couple of people, and we were looking at that, you know. Maybe I was going to do that next. This was all before the run happened, you know, and so we were like looking at that, and then that would have given me like the sales side, and like the underwriting side, you know, because I would have been more split up right and
Speaker B:   because I hadn't. I hadn't done anything with sales, and I was. I didn't want to like go right into being an rm, right? And
Speaker B:   so I was sort of like thinking that that was my path right, you know. Then I would become an Rm. And take it from there.
Speaker B:   Well.
Speaker B:   being an Rm. At 1st Republic is a lot different than being an Rm. At M. And T. Because business was referred in to Frb. A lot of it was word of mouth, you know.
Speaker B:   or
Speaker B:   existing clients, you know they weren't going to look elsewhere. They weren't doing rfps with other banks like they wanted. They wanted to stay with Frb. Right, you know, like, you know you'd have one school that got a loan, and then you know their Cfo of another school says, Oh, who you know who did your financing, and they're like, Oh, Frb, and then that's how you a lot of it came in.
Speaker B:   Now there were. There was some cold calling, too. Don't get me! Don't get me wrong, but like a lot of it was referred, and M. And T. So you got a lot of I don't actually know what the statistics were. But Frb.
Speaker B:   Did very well in getting loans, I mean. I remember years ago, before I even worked there, I was at Cambridge Savings, and the Rms. Would go out, and you know they'd go present to some nonprofit, and they'd come back. And you know you'd be like, well, how was it? And they were like, Well, 1st Republic was there like, we're not going to get it, you know, and that was sort of the reputation right?
Speaker B:   And because we did, we would do. We would get get your business, you know, if we could, and M. And T. They only the Rms only bring in. I think, like 15% of the deals they go after.
Speaker B:   It's it's so it's so low, right? Like, even if it's 20, I've heard 15. But even like 20%, it's like it's hard, you know, and like I've got this one. Rm, and I feel bad for him. He's a nice. He's a nice guy. I really like working with him, but I think he's gone after like 7 or 8 deals this year, and he hasn't gotten any, you know. It's like, you know, and we we one wasn't, you know, this other one was an existing one, and he was able to keep that. But, like we sort of should keep, you know. Keep it. It was a refinance. But you know I kind of feel bad like that's
Speaker B:   that's hard, you know, and like I don't know that I have it in me
Speaker B:   to to do that, and I also
Speaker B:   don't believe in this bank as much as I believed in Frb. Like. So for me like to even try and sell. M. And T. Is very, very hard.
Speaker A:   Yeah.
Speaker B:   Because I know, I know, like I'm not giving you. I'm not gonna be able to give you the the client service that you deserve, because it's just. It's sort of not their model, you know. Not that it's bad client service, but it's not as high touch either.
Speaker A:   So it, yeah, so what? What's the ideal role?
Speaker A:   And and or is that? Do you have a target ideal company?
Speaker B:   Well, that's what that's what I'm trying to figure out now, because because I sort of had this I had this idea. And now now, I don't know. You know. I mean, you know, one thing I've been thinking about, and I've talked to some people is going to
Speaker B:   a going to a nonprofit like a big foundation or or something like that, and maybe doing some strategic finance, or, you know, some development role.
Speaker B:   because that kind of stuff. I'm you know, I'm interested in
Speaker B:   And you know, I I understand
Speaker B:   a big part of my job has always been at Frb, specifically, was to basically know that organization better than
Speaker B:   people who work there know it like how it I mean, you don't know everything. But there's, you understand, you know, like their operations, and how the business is structured, and you know where a lot where their revenues come in, and you just understand it differently than than other than maybe people who work there.
Speaker A:   Do you think
Speaker A:   Do you think that you want to stay in lending, or do you want? I mean, it sounds like you've got a a
Speaker A:   and don't nickel words in your mouth as long as you get an affinity towards the nonprofit sector.
Speaker B:   I do. Yeah.
Speaker A:   Do you want to get into? You know, general management? Do you want to get into? You know.
Speaker A:   you know, when or do you want to stay and become a you know ultimately a Cfo of an.
Speaker B:   I mean, yeah, I don't know.
Speaker B:   I think I could be a Cfo like I don't know, after
Speaker B:   some of the Cfos that I've worked with sometimes that I've met and like. It's not even ones that I've worked with per se. But just that I've met, and I'm like, you know, they? They've asked me like certain questions like, How do you know? Not know what like debt service coverage is, or something? You know something as simple as that, you know, and
Speaker B:   and I mean I think I could be a Cfo. I don't know
Speaker B:   that it that it would bring like what I'm looking for, like the passion, you know.
Speaker B:   I think it would. I think it would be fun to.
Speaker B:   I'm very interested in, like, I think, in the development piece, and, you know, getting getting donors
Speaker B:   to, you know, to give you money and
Speaker B:   you know, I think a capital campaign would be fun to run I mean, I'm saying that now, because I'm not in the thick of it, but like I think that would be a fun, a fun thing like sort of like identifying the project, and then.
Speaker B:   you know.
Speaker B:   and then setting up the campaign and seeing it through. I think that I think that would be fun and interesting, but.
Speaker A:   Yeah.
Speaker A:   Yeah, I mean, it's getting into development with a nonprofit. I mean, that is, they are, as you well, speaking of the choir right? But
Speaker A:   they rely on that funding.
Speaker B:   Right.
Speaker A:   And so that's a critical role. So
Speaker A:   tell me about timeline. Is is this something that's, you know, an immediate future you want to take on? Or is this something that's down the road?
Speaker B:   I mean within the next couple of years. I mean, you know, I'm sort of
Speaker B:   I'm sort of at this point where
Speaker B:   you know I'm not gonna wait like 10 years, like, I think it's gonna be in the next
Speaker B:   year or 2. I mean, it's
Speaker B:   it's gonna happen, I think, quick, you know, more quickly than not, because I don't feel
Speaker B:   like I don't really even have like a direct
Speaker B:   or a path at the bank right now, right
Speaker B:   like the next. The next role for me is like a team lead role, which is fine. But I also know
Speaker B:   that no one on the on the on the nonprofit side. None of the team leads on the nonprofit side are like leaving anytime soon, so it's like I can go. Be a team, lead on like the Cni side, but I
Speaker B:   which I would, which I could do. But I just have no interest in that, you know, so.
Speaker A:   No.
Speaker B:   But then, and that's what I guess I'm trying to figure out like, should I just do it to do it? To get some management experience, or.
Speaker B:   you know, in something that I'm I'm not as interested in because it's gonna be.
Speaker B:   you know, there's all sorts of organizations. But you're probably gonna have some.
Speaker B:   you know, nuts and bolts, companies, or, you know, like things like that, that I'm just not, you know, as passionate about, you know, and.
Speaker A:   Yeah, yeah, and.
Speaker B:   I don't know.
Speaker A:   We all need to be careful about
Speaker A:   doing something purely to get experience at something.
Speaker B:   Right.
Speaker A:   I mean, not that you shouldn't. But you just have to be really careful, because it needs to be the perfect environment.
Speaker A:   But so the 2 things that you know that are, you know, critical then, and is okay. What's your pathway to get there? Right? So what do you need? You know what's the plan? And the second is, you know what part of you know. What do you need to develop in order to be.
Speaker A:   you know, really successful when you get there right? And
Speaker A:   is that you know what we talked about management experience. But is it management? So let's just go. Let's take that second one. Right? So
Speaker A:   if you were to go into development in a nonprofit and you know, have the ideal role.
Speaker A:   What what is it about your capabilities that you think you need to take to the next level to be
Speaker A:   truly effective at it.
Speaker B:   I mean for yeah, for development role. It's.
Speaker B:   you know, it's really it's talking to people like, I mean, there's there is some cold calling, but they also I would expect to have a donor base, you know. So it's
Speaker B:   it's getting to know those clients. And you know, being very personable, I mean.
Speaker B:   that's 1 thing. I was very good with building and maintaining relationships@firstst Republic. Like, I'm not saying it's the best. But like, but I was good like I and I, and I didn't think that all the you know it's not like I thought that from day one. But like looking back. I'm like, no, I was. I was good, you know, and I had my boss who
Speaker B:   we've we've stayed in touch, you know, since we've we've gone separate ways, because he went to a different bank. I went to a different bank, but and he was very experienced, very well respected in the, in, the in the nonprofit lending world, and at 1st Republic and and everywhere. But
Speaker B:   You know, he said.
Speaker B:   your clients loved you, and that's what he he said to me afterwards, and he said, You know, still get phone calls, you know, because I when I talk to them, you know some of them I've kept in touch with but you know, he's like they they loved you. And I said, Yeah, yeah, I. And I realized that, you know, after I mean. I always knew, you know we got along well, but but I was good at that, and like, and I really miss that, you know.
Speaker A:   Well in in development.
Speaker A:   What I don't mean by that is trying to fix something that you're weak at right is, you know what capabilities and
Speaker A:   and and really you're you're always going to get a better gain on developing your strengths than you will trying to figure out how to minimize a weakness right?
Speaker B:   Right.
Speaker A:   So that that sounds like it's 1 of your core competencies. Right? And you should have some swagger around that you do. You know how to engage and re, you know and engage with people, and.
Speaker A:   you know, find a connection and and make that relationship right? So is there.
Speaker A:   Are you able to do that?
Speaker A:   To to what extent? At your current job?
Speaker A:   That's the struggle.
Speaker B:   That's the struggle right? Like I've met with.
Speaker B:   You know I've I've met with most of my clients that I I guess I've met. I've met with the majority of them, you know, just to some extent, and just it's just been on Zoom, and that's and that's fine. I was supposed to go down to DC. My portfolio is based in Washington, DC. And Albany, New York. So I'm in. I'm in New Hampshire. I'm not even in the area
Speaker B:   but which is okay. But I was supposed to go down to DC. And then we had. We had a car accident like a month ago, and so I was actually supposed to go. The next day. That morning I was. I was supposed to head out, and so I ended up not not going but
Speaker B:   I don't know. That's the thing like I don't know that that's
Speaker B:   because this is something I've wondered like is the challenge that I'm not
Speaker B:   face to face with them. And
Speaker B:   but I'm on zoom, you know I'm on. I'm on video if I'm at least meeting them like I I talk to them on the phone sometimes. But but it's just it's just not.
Speaker B:   It's not there.
Speaker A:   How was it at.
Speaker B:   I don't know why, you know, and I'm because I'm
Speaker B:   I'm involved in the process, I guess. But it's just. I'm involved differently. You know they're not coming. The big thing is, they're not coming to me
Speaker B:   for
Speaker B:   things, you know. Like they go, they they go to their Rm. And I and see I was just used to them, them coming to me, and I don't know how else to change that. To be honest.
Speaker A:   When you were at 1st republic. Was it live, or did, or zoom.
Speaker B:   It was live at first, st and then
Speaker B:   pandemic happened, and then it was zoom, you know. But we had. There are people that I never that. I actually never even
Speaker B:   met in person, and I couldn't even tell you what they looked like like we didn't do. We didn't do, Zoom. We didn't do
Speaker B:   face to face. But we were on the phone all the time, you know, and we had these great relationships. So so that's 1 thing like I thought about that, too, and I think it was just. I had a lot of freedom to, you know, sort.
Speaker A:   Why, why do you think the clients
Speaker A:   we're more vested at 1st Republic.
Speaker B:   Because I think it was just a different type of bank right? And like people.
Speaker B:   I would be, at events and like parties in San Francisco. Not not client related, but I was at. I remember I was at this alumni uvm alumni party.
Speaker B:   and
Speaker B:   they, this woman, you know, was asking me where I worked, and I said, Oh, 1st Republic! And she was like, Oh, my God! I love 1st Republic! Can I give you a hug, you know, and I mean I just I just met her, and then her mother was with her, and her mother was like, we love 1st Republic, you know. And then, later on in the evening, there's this well-known pediatric surgeon which I he's got this crazy story. But
Speaker B:   He I met him later on, and
Speaker B:   he asked where I worked, and I told him, he goes, oh, my God! I love 1st Republic, and he goes. They they gave me, you know a mortgage when no one else would, you know. And and and I think it's just the relationship, you know, that the people had with the bank, and they actually had people that they you know that there was like a face to the bank, you know. And which isn't. It's not the case like in other places, which you know, it's just. It's just not as much, you know. And
Speaker B:   I even
Speaker B:   I like I'm on these Zoom calls, and I like, watch how the how, the the Rms interact with the the clients. And it's just not how the way that we had it. You know, they get along fine. But it's
Speaker B:   yeah. We were. We were on a very
Speaker B:   personal level at some points, you know, and not not in a bad way. But you like knew, you know, like what their last vacation was or like. You know what grades their kids were in school. But that was sort of the thing was also to like, really get to know the individuals, and you want to connect with them. Right? I mean, that's the whole point.
Speaker A:   Yeah. So do you think that if you were to take.
Speaker A:   you know, 3 or 4 clients that you
Speaker A:   is there one that you think you could start to build that kind of relationship with.
Speaker A:   And and here's where I'm I'm asking.
Speaker B:   One. You're you're really clear in what type of environment you want to work in. Yeah.
Speaker A:   There's always 2 pathways. Right? One is to go find an environment like that or 2 is to create it right? And it's always going to be a combination of the 2, right? Because you'll never find the perfect scenario. So what can you do to build it?
Speaker A:   And or take it to the you know, the last mile.
Speaker A:   But getting some, you know, working on that in your current role is can give you some insights in terms of how to develop that right? So
Speaker A:   what do you think about that? Is there are there a couple of clients where you could
Speaker A:   just to find a way to meet them. I mean, it is important to meet people live especially at the beginning. I think that's what you're doing. But is there a way that you could meet them lives or start to really bring in more of that personal more than just commercial type of touch.
Speaker A:   Yeah, yeah, what do you think.
Speaker B:   I mean my, my first, st like my knee jerk reaction is, I don't even have.
Speaker A:   Yes.
Speaker B:   I don't have that type of a relationship, even where it's like.
Speaker B:   if I call, I couldn't just pick up the phone right now and really call one of them, you know, because it just hasn't.
Speaker B:   It's not at that level. I mean, there are some like, possibly, you know, it could be because I've interacted with them enough, you know. But
Speaker B:   But immediately, I'm not like, immediately, like, Oh, yeah, I like, I like really hit it off with that person like I haven't had that.
Speaker A:   Yeah, I mean, you keep in mind 1st Republic was
Speaker A:   not either not always like that, or was like that as they started. But somebody created right.
Speaker B:   Right, right.
Speaker A:   And I know you know that it's it's easier to create when you're running a whole company right? Good culture. But
Speaker A:   May, you know, maybe there's some value in just trying that trying to do that with some of the clients that you have.
Speaker B:   Right?
Speaker B:   Yes.
Speaker A:   You know, people do like that. I mean, there's a reason they liked it. That your clients liked it because most people do.
Speaker B:   Right.
Speaker A:   And but if they don't believe that that's an option from where you're at, then they will refrain on their side. So you have to build the bridge, you know, 75% of the way there.
Speaker A:   So.
Speaker B:   Yeah, that's that's a good point. Yeah to. And there, there are some like, yeah, that I'm thinking of. Like, yeah, I would try. And
Speaker B:   I think something could work like they would like it like I work with some. I mean, I have some really nice organizations that I work with, but I work with some, you know.
Speaker B:   pretty prestigious ones as well, and it's like that's that's the type of client that would want. You know that that type of service, because it's what they're used. That's what they're used to giving to their their members, you know.
Speaker A:   Well, and it it gives you a double double action. Right? Because one of the things we talked about is, you know, continuing to expand your capability of doing reach out. And you know, meeting with P, you know, for develop a developmental type of role. Right?
Speaker A:   This is very similar to that right? So you're you're starting from where you've got, you know, a contact, but not a relationship.
Speaker A:   And a big part of development is working through that process. And so this will give you some practice at that.
Speaker A:   Right?
Speaker A:   Also tell you whether you just like it or not. So and it's, you know, not gonna work with everybody. But I would be surprised if you don't find at least a couple of clients that would be.
Speaker A:   respond well to it.
Speaker B:   Yeah, no, that's that's a good point.
Speaker B:   Yeah, yeah. I just thought of one in particular, I'm like, yeah, that could work. I guess.
Speaker A:   So? Who so tell me about that? Who? Who would that be?
Speaker B:   It's a country club. It's a big, big country club. Yeah.
Speaker A:   Country Club. It's nonprofit.
Speaker B:   Yeah, technically. Yep, yep, you'd be. You'd be surprised if I some of these names if I threw them out. You know you'd be surprised. But I won't for the the recording sake. But yeah, no, it's it's
Speaker B:   there's different different tax codes. So they're they're able to be nonprofits. But
Speaker A:   Yeah, okay.
Speaker B:   But yeah, that there's yeah. There's 1 in particular. I'm like, yeah, that that actually could work because I think I have enough of.
Speaker B:   I interact with them sort of enough where it could, you know. And I've I've met with with them on video before. And I don't know. They just seem like we're on the same level, I think, so that that one could be a good one.
Speaker A:   Well and in your role. Do you have
Speaker A:   responsibility and or opportunity to get referrals and then go work. Those referrals or no.
Speaker B:   I I haven't.
Speaker B:   I haven't. There were at Frb. I almost. I had a couple of people who we had talked to like I that I had just randomly met. But then we ended up not being able to
Speaker B:   lend them money, but just they weren't. They weren't strong enough, you know. Not that we turned a lot of people down, but it was just they just they just weren't strong enough.
Speaker B:   and so I haven't. Yeah.
Speaker B:   I don't. I don't have that ability at Mnt, though. Cause they'll they'll give it to the Rm. It's just. It's just the way that things are structurally set up. So where I I reported to
Speaker B:   see. I reported to the Rm. At Frb. Here at M. And T. Like Rms. And credit are separate. So I I fall under the credit silo. Yeah.
Speaker B:   So.
Speaker A:   Well, I mean, it's it's a
Speaker A:   yeah minimum. You've got a you've got a client where you can go, you know. Do some practicing, and see if you can, you know, build a relationship from from scratch and or for from where there's not a strong one.
Speaker A:   What do you? What do you think you need to do to? Yeah, to move that forward.
Speaker B:   I don't know. I guess it's just, you know. I could even just check it like, well, 1 1 thing like I could send him an email like next week, you know, like happy holidays, or whatever you know, something as simple as that cause. He did. He did email me some financials last week. But so I haven't said that yet, but
Speaker B:   you know and I might I might actually might go down there and see them in the spring, because they they might want some more money, but
Speaker A:   Well, this is, you know, this. This is where coaching, this is, where really, where it goes, right is is identify. Define where what you really want to do right? You want to be into a developmental type of role in a nonprofit where you're able to spread your wings and have the type of environment you had
Speaker A:   in the past.
Speaker A:   And so you've got clarity. What you want? The the next one is, get clarity. Okay, what's what's a pathway there, right? And so.
Speaker A:   you know, the other pathway is certainly, you know, starting to get some feelers out there, for you know what you
Speaker A:   and and doing some networking right.
Speaker B:   Yeah.
Speaker A:   But internal. Anything you can do anytime you get an opportunity to do internally what you want to do somewhere else. It's a really good foundation right? And even if it fails miserably, even if you get shot down and you walk away just feeling like that was just really bad.
Speaker B:   Yeah, yeah.
Speaker A:   It's still a really good experience. Because you, you learn more about what you need to develop or what you need strengthening to bring to the table right?
Speaker A:   And you know, part of the coaching here would be okay. This is, you know, it's not just about, you know, identifying what you want to do. It's the accountability of actually doing it.
Speaker A:   And so, you know, I would put together a game plan here. And and we would have another phone call, and we would talk about what you know. Well, what did you do? Right? What roadblocks that you run into? What? What did they actually mean for you? And so that's that. That's how I would approach it.
Speaker A:   Does that? How does that feel to you?
Speaker B:   Yeah, I think I mean I that makes sense, you know. But like you're saying to try it
Speaker B:   internally now, you know. Well, it's a little bit different. Yeah.
Speaker A:   It's. And it's yeah. I agree, right? It's daunting. It's uncomfortable. But those are, you know. Those are not reasons to to not try it.
Speaker B:   Right. Well, it also got me to thinking, because there was one thing I you know not that this is a very serious thought, but
Speaker B:   I was looking on the career website at M. And T. Recently. And
Speaker B:   there was, you know, I've always I've wondered about like project management before, like, just okay.
Speaker B:   I haven't done right. And I saw some project management roles that were posted. And
Speaker B:   like I was like, should I try to apply? But like I have no experience. I mean, I have no experience in in in the sense, you know. I'm sure I could put something together, and there is experience. But
Speaker B:   You know I don't. I was never. I've never been a project manager, but that was one thing I was wondering like, should I? Is this the place to like. Try it out like, you know. I don't know how it would go, but
Speaker A:   What? What attracted, what? What was it about the project management that attracted you?
Speaker B:   I think I don't know. I think I might like.
Speaker B:   you know. You sort of you know what your project is.
Speaker B:   and then you follow it through like it's it's sort of more. It's like a more defined like timeline. And and just like things, you know, like that and defined goal. And you know, like I like.
Speaker B:   I like planning events. We we got married in August. I loved planning the wedding to the point where I may do that on the side. But that's not
Speaker B:   to be a full time career. But I but I loved it. And so it's sort of like I'm thinking of it like that, you know. It's like you.
Speaker B:   It's just. It's a shorter timeframe, maybe, and it's just I don't know. It just seems like it might be something that would be interesting. But but again I don't know, because I haven't done it. But.
Speaker A:   Well, that's it's I mean being a project manager is is an incredibly
Speaker A:   great skill to have. Right? Yeah. And you can apply that same thing to what we're talking about here, right in terms.
Speaker A:   Okay, what's your plan? Right? Map out your plan in terms of how you're gonna investigate the market.
Speaker A:   And secondly, how are you going to try to? Yeah, at least do something to create that environment internally.
Speaker A:   While you're there? Right?
Speaker A:   it's certainly better than just you know.
Speaker A:   closing. And you know, going home and slamming a door and locking it up right. It's always better to try to do something about it.
Speaker A:   but you know you do. What I'm hearing is that you do like that tangibleness. You do like that, you know. Definition of of what needs to be done. But, more importantly, what I heard you say about 1st Bank
Speaker A:   or 1st Republic, is that you? You liked going from Alpha to Omega, right? Not just starting and finishing partway through.
Speaker A:   I mean, that's a lot of clarity, right? So you've got
Speaker A:   you know what I will. A 3rd thing I would tell you to think about right? So 1st is what you'll do with this country club.
Speaker A:   Second, is, evaluate these project management roles. Right? The the 3rd is just understanding what other roles in term in in the bank actually have that alpha to Omega capability there right and.
Speaker B:   Great.
Speaker A:   And along with client interaction.
Speaker B:   You're right.
Speaker A:   Is that an Rm. Do they? Is that what the Rms. Do or do you have? Are there other roles that give you that? You know that interaction.
Speaker B:   Right? Right?
Speaker B:   Yeah, lots to think about.
Speaker A:   Always is, but it's a lot better than not thinking at all.
Speaker B:   Right? Right? That's true.
Speaker B:   Yeah, I mean, I'm not. The reality is, I mean, I worked with people
Speaker B:   at Frb. Who were in their same roles, for, you know, like 18 years, I mean they were at my level. But they were, they were. That's what they had done, and they were, and they were fine with it, you know, because
Speaker B:   it was it was really good pay, like you knew your job. They were really good at it, because again. If you've been doing it for 18 years, you know. I hope I hope you're really good at it. And I mean I could do that here, too, you know, realistically like. But I don't. I don't just want to hang out, you know, and I feel like after a while. That's what it would feel like you know.
Speaker A:   Yeah, I well, I applaud that. You don't want to sell right? So what? You know? Just one last question here for you. Right.
Speaker A:   What would be the
Speaker A:   what's 1 or 2 things that would cause you to hesitate and not move action on any of these 3.
Speaker B:   I mean time. But
Speaker B:   That would that would probably be it.
Speaker B:   I mean, I guess you know one thing I I in the back of my head. I worry about like, if I start
Speaker B:   look like, even if I just send my resume for that project management role, you know, does it
Speaker B:   does do other people find out about it, you know, and and that's like internally. I don't know that I care if you know and what I'm trying to figure out is how much I care right should I care?
Speaker B:   I'm not.
Speaker B:   I don't know. That's that's the one thing in the back of my head, because sometimes, you know, it's like, well, you should talk to your manager before applying to
Speaker B:   to roles internally, but that's always a weird thing to me, too, you know.
Speaker A:   Why, why do you think it's weird?
Speaker B:   I just don't know that it's any of their business, you know.
Speaker B:   I don't know. You know.
Speaker B:   it's like I, because the other thing is is, I kind of just want to have a conversation about the role even. And yeah.
Speaker B:   you know. So how how do I go about that without
Speaker B:   anyone else finding out, you know, because I just just even have an initial discussion like, okay, this is what the role is. And you know, maybe I'm like, no, I don't. I want no part of that, you know. And then so that's why I don't see the point of having to let man management know when you're just sort of going in for an initial thing.
Speaker A:   Yeah, no, that makes really that. That's really astute.
Speaker A:   one of the things you can do, though, is identify somebody who's in that role today and make and do a reach out
Speaker A:   right? Right?
Speaker A:   Because that that's completely safe. Right? You're you're not investigate, you know it. You're talking to your supervisor. Your boss.
Speaker A:   if you're getting, if you're going to apply, is better. Right? There's a large number of reasons, I can tell you that. But where where you're at is you're investigate right? Which is different than. And so that is something that you could do. You know you don't know them. You may not know them. But again, this is all about reaching out and getting, you know, meeting new people and building a relationship with them, and then finding out more about what they do. That gives you the information you need to make your decisions.
Speaker A:   Data.
Speaker A:   Yeah, that actually sounds like a really good action plan.
Speaker B:   Yeah, okay, so you got a lot of actions to do.
Speaker B:   I've got a lot of stuff right
Speaker B:   in addition to my day to day. Yeah.
Speaker A:   Well, how so? How's your day to? You know? I know we're short on time here, but how is the day to day, I mean in your role. Is there anything that's really causing you consternation.
Speaker B:   Yeah, just I can't get things done. Because, you know I'll get. I'll get one part of something done and then send it to the next person, and then it just sits there.
Speaker B:   Then it's got to go to another. It's just that's that's the real challenge actually, for me is things do not get done as quickly as I'm used to doing
Speaker B:   just because of the the process, and.
Speaker A:   Yeah.
Speaker B:   I don't know, and that's the thing like they're they're trying to revamp
Speaker B:   the process. And like they're heading, they're heading
Speaker B:   in some, you know in some sense they're heading in the Frb. Direction, like, you know, I went. I went backwards in terms of my underwriting when I 1st started, just because of the memo, like the the format that they were using for underwriting. And
Speaker B:   I
Speaker B:   there's been a change in the last few months. And I'm like, oh, yeah, this is so much better, you know. And it's because it was what I was used to, too. And it's like this. Actually, this makes sense, though, you know like. So I went backwards to sort of get back to where I was, you know. But I there was nothing I could do. I can't. I couldn't come in and change, you know everything so sort of had to deal with it. But.
Speaker A:   Well, but but just you know I mean you.
Speaker A:   It's always a balance of you know
Speaker A:   what you can let go of versus what you need to, you know, retain right?
Speaker B:   Right.
Speaker A:   One for your own sanity, but 2 for productivity.
Speaker A:   and you know there's a you know.
Speaker A:   but that you know that that goes back to your the common theme, right? Which is, you know, for you to flourish. You need to build a
Speaker A:   have Alpha to Omega, you know. Touch points where you can, you know, control the variables or the levers.
Speaker A:   And that that is tied to adding value, especially client related. Right?
Speaker A:   So you know it. It sounds pretty clear we're
Speaker A:   where you need to be in order to be your best self.
Speaker A:   And that's not a trivial statement. I know it sounds fluffy, right
Speaker A:   to be your best self, but
Speaker A:   there's nobody that, you know achieves really great things. When they are, you know, not
Speaker A:   excited about discretionary effort.
Speaker A:   So when you're excited about it because it fits you, and it's and it's where you're really at you. You just naturally do have discretionary effort.
Speaker A:   So it it builds your energy energy, it it doesn't drain it right.
Speaker A:   And you know that so and that's really the key to everything is managing energy, not tasks, right? Not time. It's managing your energy.
Speaker A:   So what I would. You know.
Speaker A:   if if you'd like, we can have another call right, or we can do this like a regular coaching game. I'm I'm game
Speaker B:   Okay.
Speaker A:   But what we would do on our next step is just, you know, really work through. Okay, what are you doing against the you know those 3 things, and then let's talk a little bit more about you know. What are some things we can do to, you know. Reduce the frustration of. You know a system you can't control.
Speaker B:   Right.
Speaker A:   Because that's that's tough.
Speaker B:   It is. Yeah.
Speaker A:   Yeah.
Speaker B:   Yeah, I'm I don't. I only have so much to say, you know.
Speaker A:   Yeah, so you you know you you can't let things you have no say or control over, you know. Drain you.
Speaker B:   Right.
Speaker A:   Because nobody nobody wins there.
Speaker A:   Alright. Well, I appreciate you taking the time.
Speaker B:   Yeah, no, I'm always happy, you know. So if if we need more
Speaker B:   data too, like that's, I'm I'm happy to to talk so.
Speaker A:   Well, Dan's a phenomenal individual. Sounds like he's married one as well.
Speaker B:   Yeah.
Speaker A:   Yeah, you know I
Speaker A:   you know, if if there's some, you know, this is what I do, I do. I I love coaching so if there's a you know any value that that I can provide to you, I'd love to do so. So just let me know.
Speaker B:   Alright, I appreciate it, Jeff. It was nice meeting you, and have a have a nice holiday.
Speaker A:   You as well you as well take care.
Speaker B:   It's gonna be.